TF-12000 - Bitbucket Server Deprecation (#574)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/vcs/troubleshooting.mdx

With an older version of Azure DevOps Server it may be that the web interface does not allow entering the Genre and Name separately. In which case the status check will need to be created via the [API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/azure/devops/policy/configurations/create).

## Bitbucket Data Center

### Clicking "Connect organization `<X>`" with Bitbucket Data Center raises an error message in Terraform Cloud

> Terraform Cloud uses OAuth 1 to authenticate the user to Bitbucket Data Center. The first step in the authentication process is for Terraform Cloud to call Bitbucket Data Center to obtain a "request token". After the call completes, Terraform Cloud redirects you to Bitbucket Data Center with the request token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform Cloud uses OAuth 1 to authenticate the user to Bitbucket Data Center. The first step in the authentication process is for Terraform Cloud to call Bitbucket Data Center to obtain a request token. After the call completes, Terraform Cloud redirects you to Bitbucket Data Center with the request token.
```

## General

> ### Terraform Cloud returns 500 after authenticating with the VCS provider (other than Bitbucket Data Center)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following errors may occur for all VCS providers except Bitbucket Data Center.

### Terraform Cloud returns 500 after authenticating with the VCS provider 
```

Author: "Terraform Cloud returns 500 after authenticating with the VCS provider (other than Bitbucket Data Center)" is a distinct error. Should it not retain its h3 (`###`) status?
